Add the accepted types for `imagePullSecrets` (#35391)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/containers/images.md

in private registries.
{{< /note >}}

> Kubernetes supports specifying container image registry keys on a Pod. `imagePullSecrets` must be of the types `kubernetes.io/dockercfg` or `kubernetes.io/dockerconfigjson`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubernetes supports specifying container image registry keys on a Pod.
Each item in the `imagePullSecrets` array can only reference a Secret in the same namespace,
and the Secret referenced must be of type `kubernetes.io/dockercfg` or type `kubernetes.io/dockerconfigjson`.
```

Author: This looks better

{{< /note >}}

Kubernetes supports specifying container image registry keys on a Pod.

> Each item in the `imagePullSecrets` array can only reference a Secret in the same namespace,

Reviewer 2: This should move to the section below:

>  #### Referring to an imagePullSecrets on a Pod
> Now, you can create pods which reference that secret by adding an `imagePullSecrets`
> section to a Pod definition. <here>

I'd also consider rewording to:

```
`imagePullSecrets` must all be in the same namespace as the Pod. The referenced Secrets must be of type `kubernetes.io/dockercfg` or `kubernetes.io/dockerconfigjson`.
```

Otherwise LGTM from a technical POV.

Author: Thanks for the reviews, I have incorporated them.
